surpass surpassing 
love loving 
refuse refusing 
buy buying 
punish punishing 
breathe breathing 
construct constructing 
catch catching 
shave shaving 
abandon abandoning 
defy defying 
rub rubbing 
renew renewing 
upgrade upgrading 
blow blowing 
descend descending 
implement implementing 
export exporting 
exhibit exhibiting 
enlist enlisted 
sink sinking 
realize realizing 
tie tying 
wash washing 
print printing 
trap trapping 
fight fighting 
revise revising 
yield yielding 
sue suing 
serve serving 
depart departing 
practise practising 
hide hiding 
say saying 
adopt adopting 
swallow swallowing 
hug hugging 
interact interacting 
multiply multiplying 
trigger triggering 
integrate integrating 
want wanting 
design designing 
adapt adapting 
expect expecting 
nominate nominating 
offend offending 
watch watching 
await awaiting 
display displaying 
dodge dodging 
secure securing 
produce producing 
restructure restructuring 
deploy deploying 
select selecting 
coordinate coordinating 
proceed proceeding 
run running 
realise realising 
advocate advocating 
showcase showcasing 
split splitting 
walk walking 
treat treating 
prohibit prohibiting 
paint painting 
predict predicting 
beat beating 
confront confronting 
shrink shrinking 
cooperate cooperating 
guarantee guaranteeing 
accelerate accelerating 
drift drifting 
degrade degrading 
whine whining 
scrap scrapping 
soar soaring 
steal stealing 
illustrate illustrating 
paraphrase paraphrasing 
expand expanding 
provide providing 
circumvent bypassing 
balance balancing 
choke choking 
attach attaching 
oversee overseeing 
define defining 
reflect reflecting 
ride riding 
return returning 
disrupt disrupting 
improve improving 
dig digging 
discover discovering 
collect collecting 
cite citing 
discuss discussing 
check checking 
analyse analysing 
react reacting 
release releasing 
break breaking 
trim trimming 
slash slashing 
conquer conquering 
strive striving 
comment commenting 
answer answering 
enhance enhancing 
advise advising 
confirm confirming 
recycle recycling 
argue arguing 
invoke invoking 
cultivate cultivating 
write writing 
organise organising 
celebrate celebrating 
cull culling 
end ending 
proclaim proclaiming 
distribute distributing 
conceal concealing 
determine determining 
wear wearing 
persuade persuading 
tumble tumbling 
work working 
explain explaining 
clarify clarifying 
rip ripping 
fill filling 
gain gaining 
offer offering 
grow growing 
divide dividing 
complain complaining 
jump jumping 
merge merging 
calculate calculating 
dump dumping 
count counting 
affect affecting 
maximize maximizing 
benefit benefiting 
read reading 
emphasize emphasizing 
separate separating 
pick picking 
suck sucking 
acquire acquiring 
fall falling 
crawl crawling 
look looking 
chant chanting 
draw drawing 
impose imposing 
protect protecting 
need needing 
reinforce reinforcing 
transmit transmitting 
bash bashing 
minimize minimizing 
perform performing 
postpone delaying 
copyedit copyediting 
behave behaving 
invade invading 
marry marrying 
attain attaining 
censor censoring 
spend spending 
terminate terminating 
type typing 
mislead misled 
change changing 
enact enacting 
withhold withholding 
assign assigning 
insult insulting 
solicit soliciting 
enforce enforcing 
decide deciding 
rotate rotating 
pursue pursuing 
introduce introducing 
spark sparking 
consolidate consolidating 
request requesting 
scan scanning 
relieve relieving 
fail failing 
boil boiling 
make making 
escape escaping 
extract extracting 
restrict restricting 
occur occurring 
drink drinking 
heal healing 
accompany accompanying 
embrace embracing 
call calling 
restrain restraining 
enable enabling 
pull pulling 
browse browsing 
move moving 
spray spraying 
exchange exchanging 
starve starving 
inflict inflicting 
register registering 
know knowing 
haul hauling 
eradicate combating 
share sharing 
consist consisting 
affirm affirming 
reduce reducing 
murder murdering 
educate educating 
rely relying 
relocate relocating 
streamline streamlining 
decline declining 
amend amending 
trace tracing 
hike hiking 
rebuild rebuilding 
remove removing 
skip skipping 
compete competing 
authorize authorizing 
enroll enrolled 
rant ranting 
access accessing 
stretch stretching 
cheat cheating 
eliminate eliminating 
classify classifying 
spit spitting 
reach reaching 
employ employing 
smash smashing 
inject injecting 
redirect redirecting 
compose composing 
prove proving 
mobilize mobilized 
donate donating 
borrow borrowing 
facilitate facilitating 
embed embedding 
cross crossing 
recognise recognising 
yell yelling 
distract distracting 
let letting 
tackle tackling 
delete deleting 
resign resigning 
shorten shortening 
intensify intensifying 
suffer experiencing 
strike striking 
testify testifying 
deepen deepening 
isolate isolating 
overcome overcoming 
go going 
blend blending 
combine combining 
turn turning 
dictate dictating 
relate relating 
explode exploding 
develop developing 
bend bending 
stay staying 
allege alleging 
tailor tailoring 
extend extending 
consider considering 
assist assisting 
remind reminding 
help helping 
fulfill fulfilling 
frame framing 
repair repairing 
require requiring 
evolve evolving 
notify notifying 
knock knocking 
contend contended 
enjoy enjoying 
summarize summarizing 
mitigate mitigating 
settle settling 
allow allowing 
shoot shooting 
suggest suggesting 
analyze analyzing 
survive surviving 
favor favoring 
become becoming 
cope coping 
win winning 
ensure ensuring 
disable disabling 
reckon reckoned 
adjust adjusting 
concentrate concentrating 
bear bearing 
destroy destroying 
prefer preferring 
imply implying 
speculate speculating 
slam slamming 
transfer transferring 
spread spreading 
click clicking 
revive reviving 
retrieve retrieving 
acknowledge acknowledging 
allocate allocating 
avoid avoiding 
drag dragging 
identify identifying 
pretend pretending 
moan moaning 
contradict contradicting 
conclude concluding 
dismantle dismantling 
obtain obtaining 
plunge plunging 
violate violating 
recognize recognizing 
propose proposing 
add adding 
leverage leveraging 
hire hiring 
transform transforming 
weaken weakening 
appoint appointing 
replace replacing 
compromise compromising 
touch touching 
manage managing 
connect connecting 
do doing 
receive receiving 
lift lifting 
garner garnered 
send sending 
laugh laughing 
upload uploading 
decrease decreasing 
recount recounts 
swim swimming 
reword rewording 
retain retaining 
increase increasing 
admire admiring 
discourage discouraging 
scream screaming 
imagine imagining 
smoke smoking 
illuminate illuminating 
compare comparing 
greet welcoming 
choose choosing 
explore exploring 
punch punching 
recreate recreating 
tout touting 
instruct instructing 
disappear disappearing 
bake baking 
optimize optimizing 
cook cooking 
recall recalling 
accommodate accommodating 
sail sailing 
sustain sustaining 
accuse accusing 
ease easing 
threaten threatening 
oppose opposing 
locate locating 
recover recovering 
stare staring 
nurture nurturing 
distort distorting 
mark marking 
arise arising 
manipulate manipulating 
climb climbing 
melt melting 
despise hating 
stand standing 
cry crying 
bring bringing 
leave leaving 
spin spinning 
encourage encouraging 
encompass encompassing 
thrive thriving 
monitor monitoring 
reveal revealing 
hurt hurting 
concede conceding 
parse parsing 
dominate dominating 
rush rushing 
leak leaking 
snap snapping 
characterize characterizing 
safeguard safeguarding 
believe believing 
launch launching 
flip flipping 
roar roaring 
wrap wrapping 
repay repaid 
grind grinding 
mention mentioning 
emerge emerging 
evade evading 
publish publishing 
install installing 
distinguish distinguishing 
sit sitting 
put putting 
surround surrounding 
recommend recommending 
derive deriving 
involve involving 
deny denying 
evoke evoked 
correspond corresponding 
fade fading 
insist insisting 
criticise criticising 
depict depicting 
widen widening 
possess possessing 
address addressing 
lend lending 
succeed succeeding 
activate activating 
invest investing 
update updating 
smile smiling 
encounter encountering 
hold holding 
rent renting 
resolve resolving 
hunt hunting 
support supporting 
throw throwing 
steer steering 
sleep sleeping 
suppress suppressing 
dive diving 
paste pasting 
refine refining 
earn earning 
tell telling 
swing swinging 
motivate motivating 
organize organizing 
stop stopping 
lose losing 
defend defending 
seize seizing 
insert inserting 
shine shining 
stab stabbing 
override overriding 
rob robbing 
focus focusing 
withdraw withdrawing 
propagate propagating 
elect electing 
assess assessing 
contact contacting 
flee fleeing 
communicate communicating 
perpetuate perpetuating 
slide sliding 
seek seeking 
boast boasting 
dip dipping 
curb curbing 
span spanning 
erase erasing 
fly flying 
pay paying 
recruit recruiting 
condemn condemning 
appear appearing 
disclose disclosing 
see seeing 
save saving 
push pushing 
tow towing 
mount mounting 
drive driving 
specify specifying 
prevail prevailing 
replicate replicating 
deteriorate deteriorating 
divert diverting 
copy copying 
attend attending 
prevent preventing 
regulate regulating 
drain draining 
assure assuring 
compile compiling 
overturn overturning 
unfold unfolding 
convey conveying 
shut shutting 
halt halting 
designate designating 
commit committing 
continue continuing 
squeeze squeezing 
give giving 
attempt attempting 
echo echoing 
happen happening 
endure endured 
pour pouring 
review reviewing 
undertake undertaking 
grasp grasping 
respond responding 
have having 
declare declaring 
complete completing 
listen listening 
intend intending 
inspect inspecting 
harass harassing 
visit visiting 
join joining 
justify justifying 
sacrifice sacrificing 
exploit exploiting 
beg begging 
shake shaking 
migrate migrating 
rewrite rewriting 
meet meeting 
deem deemed 
tighten tightening 
refer referring 
swap swapping 
live living 
initiate initiating 
quote quoting 
promote promoting 
represent representing 
confuse confusing 
ignore ignoring 
translate translating 
bury burying 
stir stirring 
guide guiding 
crack cracking 
photograph photographing 
thank thanking 
enter entering 
exercise exercising 
lie lying 
guess guessing 
diminish diminishing 
advance advancing 
keep keeping 
wander wandering 
sell selling 
admit admitting 
agree agreeing 
observe observing 
inform informing 
highlight highlighting 
abolish abolishing 
resemble resembling 
disturb upsetting 
certify certifying 
portray portraying 
reopen reopening 
induce inducing 
float floating 
detect detecting 
travel travelling 
worsen worsening 
navigate navigating 
kick kicking 
participate participating 
eat eating 
march marching 
supervise supervising 
uncover uncovering 
denote denoting 
examine examining 
undergo undergoing 
unite uniting 
capture capturing 
harvest harvesting 
shout shouting 
sign signing 
lock locking 
die dying 
endorse endorsing 
carry carrying 
swell swelling 
entail entailed 
dance dancing 
penetrate penetrating 
foster fostering 
denounce denouncing 
cheer cheering 
protest protesting 
cut cutting 
collapse collapsing 
load loading 
contain containing 
claim claiming 
accomplish accomplishing 
enrich enriching 
indicate indicating 
get getting 
switch switching 
hit hitting 
twist twisting 
play playing 
tweak tweaking 
inspire inspiring 
slap slapping 
wish wishing 
satisfy satisfying 
view viewing 
prepare preparing 
omit omitting 
restore restoring 
solve solving 
accumulate accumulating 
cause causing 
reverse reversing 
raise raising 
bleed bleeding 
reproduce reproducing 
express expressing 
begin starting 
describe describing 
wait waiting 
forget forgetting 
uphold upholding 
come coming 
suspend suspending 
utilize utilizing 
duplicate duplicating 
defeat defeating 
absorb absorbing 
download downloading 
escalate escalating 
kiss kissing 
hang hanging 
endanger endangering 
roll rolling 
freeze freezing 
polish polishing 
preach preaching 
contribute contributing 
favour favouring 
undermine undermining 
rename renaming 
attribute attributing 
stabilize stabilizing 
attract attracting 
create creating 
strengthen strengthening 
burn burning 
whip whipping 
anticipate anticipating 
demonstrate demonstrating 
remember remembering 
shape shaping 
honor honoring 
quit quitting 
rescue rescuing 
swear swearing 
expose exposing 
reply replying 
revert reverting 
engage engaging 
blame blaming 
pose posing 
intervene intervening 
take taking 
crush crushing 
commence commencing 
feed feeding 
arrive arriving 
assert asserting 
criticize criticizing 
assemble assembling 
hack hacking 
speak speaking 
find finding 
assume assuming 
validate validating 
control controlling 
reject rejecting 
establish establishing 
bounce bouncing 
originate originating 
incorporate incorporating 
interfere interfering 
slip slipping 
deprive depriving 
bolster boosting 
arrange arranging 
prescribe prescribing 
drop dropping 
dismiss dismissing 
grab grabbing 
surrender surrendering 
teach teaching 
submit submitting 
simulate simulating 
execute executing 
administer administering 
alter altering 
ask asking 
fix fixing 
investigate investigating 
maintain maintaining 
deliver delivering 
prosecute prosecuting 
weigh weighing 
modify modifying 
wipe wiping 
negotiate negotiating 
finish finishing 
generate generating 
weave weaving 
re-add re-adding 
tap tapping 
evaluate evaluating 
formulate formulating 
forge forging 
respect respecting 
tend tending 
urge urging 
invite inviting 
aim aiming 
handle handling 
stimulate stimulating 
mock mocking 
gather gathering 
emit emitting 
stick sticking 
retire retiring 
try trying 
lay laying 
empower empowering 
verify verifying 
simplify simplifying 
post posting 
pray praying 
measure measuring 
exceed exceeding 
kidnap kidnapping 
occupy occupying 
kill killing 
overlook overlooking 
mix mixing 
toss tossing 
transport transporting 
invent inventing 
import importing 
incur incurred 
cover covering 
categorize categorizing 
resist resisting 
flourish flourishing 
apply applying 
regain regained 
vandalize vandalizing 
preserve preserving 
plead pleading 
achieve achieving 
accept accepting 
operate operating 
burst bursting 
equate equating 
exclude excluding 
interpret interpreting 
repeat repeating 
pass passing 
convert converting 
fit fitting 
rise rising 
relax relaxing 
announce announcing 
bite biting 
provoke provoking 
govern governing 
chase chasing 
collaborate collaborating 
approve approving 
strip stripping 
drown drowning 
broaden broadening 
comprise constituting 
reside residing 
consume consuming 
sing singing 
disagree disagreeing 
contemplate contemplating 
forgive forgiving 
feel feeling 
nail nails 
compel compelled 

