denote denoting 
respond responding 
classify classifying 
accumulate accumulating 
absorb absorbing 
swim swimming 
steal stealing 
serve serving 
exhibit exhibiting 
assist assisting 
streamline streamlining 
nominate nominating 
interfere interfering 
hang hanging 
compare comparing 
borrow borrowing 
prove proving 
escape escaping 
require requiring 
execute executing 
attain attaining 
identify identifying 
condemn condemning 
validate validating 
raise raising 
put putting 
depart departing 
flip flipping 
showcase showcasing 
reverse reversing 
amend amending 
scream screaming 
shake shaking 
become becoming 
spread spreading 
inspire inspiring 
prescribe prescribing 
play playing 
elect electing 
assign assigning 
curb curbing 
assess assessing 
earn earning 
enact enacting 
ignore ignoring 
indicate indicating 
blend blending 
find finding 
spend spending 
reject rejecting 
recognize recognizing 
harass harassing 
read reading 
achieve achieving 
sue suing 
uphold upholding 
monitor monitoring 
accept accepting 
illuminate illuminating 
concentrate concentrating 
donate donating 
grasp grasping 
cope coping 
knock knocking 
drink drinking 
propagate propagating 
simulate simulating 
drive driving 
rotate rotating 
squeeze squeezing 
abolish abolishing 
split splitting 
download downloading 
jump jumping 
pick picking 
conclude concluding 
rob robbing 
oversee overseeing 
lift lifting 
suck sucking 
access accessing 
dump dumping 
invoke invoking 
overcome overcoming 
depict depicting 
need needing 
concede conceding 
represent representing 
eat eating 
get getting 
slap slapping 
foster fostering 
acquire acquiring 
breathe breathing 
receive receiving 
isolate isolating 
endure endured 
tighten tightening 
involve involving 
begin starting 
share sharing 
withdraw withdrawing 
overturn overturning 
detect detecting 
destroy destroying 
accompany accompanying 
swap swapping 
restore restoring 
return returning 
allocate allocating 
release releasing 
suspend suspending 
consider considering 
hide hiding 
shorten shortening 
eradicate combating 
operate operating 
kill killing 
realize realizing 
carry carrying 
restrict restricting 
argue arguing 
anticipate anticipating 
dismantle dismantling 
seize seizing 
admire admiring 
weave weaving 
accommodate accommodating 
favor favoring 
realise realising 
portray portraying 
rewrite rewriting 
remind reminding 
reopen reopening 
translate translating 
slip slipping 
protect protecting 
verify verifying 
dismiss dismissing 
distort distorting 
beg begging 
practise practising 
fulfill fulfilling 
extend extending 
intervene intervening 
endanger endangering 
mention mentioning 
administer administering 
unfold unfolding 
deploy deploying 
participate participating 
add adding 
complain complaining 
flee fleeing 
weaken weakening 
make making 
listen listening 
migrate migrating 
measure measuring 
explain explaining 
hug hugging 
produce producing 
drown drowning 
photograph photographing 
kick kicking 
clarify clarifying 
revive reviving 
sit sitting 
offer offering 
restrain restraining 
spark sparking 
benefit benefiting 
finish finishing 
reflect reflecting 
activate activating 
forget forgetting 
extract extracting 
reside residing 
demonstrate demonstrating 
speak speaking 
speculate speculating 
hold holding 
invite inviting 
wear wearing 
cook cooking 
resemble resembling 
encompass encompassing 
incorporate incorporating 
preach preaching 
nurture nurturing 
connect connecting 
rip ripping 
interact interacting 
advocate advocating 
escalate escalating 
manipulate manipulating 
avoid avoiding 
teach teaching 
visit visiting 
contain containing 
expand expanding 
snap snapping 
upload uploading 
hire hiring 
break breaking 
deteriorate deteriorating 
specify specifying 
disappear disappearing 
continue continuing 
enable enabling 
explode exploding 
pour pouring 
exploit exploiting 
create creating 
inform informing 
circulate circulating 
optimize optimizing 
predict predicting 
analyse analysing 
capture capturing 
calculate calculating 
compile compiling 
interpret interpreting 
weigh weighing 
disagree disagreeing 
expose exposing 
seek seeking 
watch watching 
adapt adapting 
know knowing 
pass passing 
enjoy enjoying 
investigate investigating 
facilitate facilitating 
appoint appointing 
intend intending 
strive striving 
possess possessing 
attach attaching 
overlook overlooking 
erase erasing 
convey conveying 
distinguish distinguishing 
introduce introducing 
join joining 
retrieve retrieving 
criticise criticising 
violate violating 
settle settling 
tell telling 
oppose opposing 
install installing 
utilize utilizing 
quit quitting 
agree agreeing 
restructure restructuring 
upgrade upgrading 
commence commencing 
expect expecting 
reinforce reinforcing 
terminate terminating 
unite uniting 
yield yielding 
save saving 
hit hitting 
revert reverting 
wish wishing 
admit admitting 
allege alleging 
insert inserting 
undermine undermining 
provoke provoking 
comprise constituting 
testify testifying 
instruct instructing 
ask asking 
repair repairing 
support supporting 
dig digging 
switch switching 
dodge dodging 
sell selling 
urge urging 
relax relaxing 
accomplish accomplishing 
await awaiting 
attend attending 
win winning 
prosecute prosecuting 
stay staying 
mitigate mitigating 
undertake undertaking 
resolve resolving 
surrender surrendering 
persuade persuading 
moan moaning 
move moving 
regulate regulating 
implement implementing 
reduce reducing 
want wanting 
employ employing 
enrich enriching 
maximize maximizing 
refer referring 
cover covering 
accelerate accelerating 
let letting 
cultivate cultivating 
leave leaving 
catch catching 
reproduce reproducing 
ensure ensuring 
buy buying 
scan scanning 
conquer conquering 
disable disabling 
suggest suggesting 
examine examining 
compose composing 
motivate motivating 
locate locating 
assure assuring 
widen widening 
navigate navigating 
integrate integrating 
enroll enrolled 
rub rubbing 
perform performing 
emphasize emphasizing 
conceal concealing 
have having 
revise revising 
manage managing 
occupy occupying 
check checking 
recommend recommending 
appear appearing 
imagine imagining 
determine determining 
crush crushing 
circumvent bypassing 
invest investing 
recognise recognising 
pray praying 
write writing 
embrace embracing 
reword rewording 
acknowledge acknowledging 
bolster boosting 
exceed exceeding 
transfer transferring 
characterize characterizing 
encourage encouraging 
arrange arranging 
impose imposing 
look looking 
highlight highlighting 
belong belonging 
fly flying 
copy copying 
summarize summarizing 
shoot shooting 
pay paying 
degrade degrading 
remember remembering 
promote promoting 
answer answering 
reach reaching 
sing singing 
decide deciding 
safeguard safeguarding 
handle handling 
shave shaving 
guide guiding 
try trying 
discourage discouraging 
affirm affirming 
designate designating 
chase chasing 
enhance enhancing 
contribute contributing 
fix fixing 
solicit soliciting 
believe believing 
assume assuming 
fail failing 
display displaying 
minimize minimizing 
rename renaming 
define defining 
enter entering 
gain gaining 
justify justifying 
communicate communicating 
invent inventing 
stick sticking 
denounce denouncing 
yell yelling 
freeze freezing 
pose posing 
penetrate penetrating 
starve starving 
deem deemed 
merge merging 
insist insisting 
recruit recruiting 
guarantee guaranteeing 
analyze analyzing 
turn turning 
collect collecting 
pursue pursuing 
fill filling 
stand standing 
discuss discussing 
suffer experiencing 
die dying 
update updating 
proclaim proclaiming 
tout touting 
override overriding 
eliminate eliminating 
confirm confirming 
endorse endorsing 
blame blaming 
certify certifying 
govern governing 
wrap wrapping 
explore exploring 
stabilize stabilizing 
modify modifying 
boast boasting 
wander wandering 
replace replacing 
emit emitting 
preserve preserving 
ride riding 
walk walking 
propose proposing 
treat treating 
enforce enforcing 
establish establishing 
inject injecting 
entertain entertaining 
send sending 
lose losing 
arrive arriving 
survive surviving 
divert diverting 
choose choosing 
combine combining 
intensify intensifying 
distribute distributing 
threaten threatening 
sustain sustaining 
evade evading 
equate equating 
hike hiking 
prohibit prohibiting 
defend defending 
increase increasing 
adopt adopting 
bury burying 
surpass surpassing 
retire retiring 
postpone delaying 
renew renewing 
strengthen strengthening 
repeat repeating 
commit committing 
transform transforming 
delete deleting 
launch launching 
marry marrying 
deny denying 
distract distracting 
worsen worsening 
submit submitting 
obtain obtaining 
complete completing 
abandon abandoning 
formulate formulating 
recall recalling 
browse browsing 
keep keeping 
contradict contradicting 
stop stopping 
discover discovering 
relieve relieving 
swallow swallowing 
describe describing 
lay laying 
skip skipping 
paraphrase paraphrasing 
resign resigning 
grab grabbing 
maintain maintaining 
attract attracting 
go going 
affect affecting 
improve improving 
adjust adjusting 
alter altering 
drop dropping 
approve approving 
apply applying 
undergo undergoing 
replicate replicating 
contemplate contemplating 
quote quoting 
suppress suppressing 
refine refining 
come coming 
announce announcing 
illustrate illustrating 
react reacting 
withhold withholding 
organize organizing 
prevent preventing 
punish punishing 
declare declaring 
deliver delivering 
address addressing 
take taking 
cheer cheering 
refuse refusing 
categorize categorizing 
inspect inspecting 
criticize criticizing 
say saying 
do doing 
rely relying 
trim trimming 
cut cutting 
parse parsing 
push pushing 
cooperate cooperating 
recycle recycling 
accuse accusing 
evolve evolving 
trigger triggering 
throw throwing 
relocate relocating 
relate relating 
attribute attributing 
prefer preferring 
dominate dominating 
wash washing 
happen happening 
observe observing 
express expressing 
defy defying 
organise organising 
perpetuate perpetuating 
resist resisting 
tweak tweaking 
see seeing 
prepare preparing 
thrive thriving 
engage engaging 
fight fighting 
give giving 
run running 
cite citing 
assemble assembling 
negotiate negotiating 
contact contacting 
redirect redirecting 
evaluate evaluating 
consolidate consolidating 
assert asserting 
construct constructing 
hurt hurting 
generate generating 
exclude excluding 
smash smashing 
celebrate celebrating 
retain retaining 
pretend pretending 
deprive depriving 
coordinate coordinating 
simplify simplifying 
disclose disclosing 
rebuild rebuilding 
supervise supervising 
solve solving 
bring bringing 
originate originating 
wipe wiping 
transmit transmitting 
confront confronting 
consume consuming 
decrease decreasing 
duplicate duplicating 
shrink shrinking 
touch touching 
convert converting 
omit omitting 
recover recovering 
shout shouting 
re-add re-adding 
help helping 
provide providing 
collaborate collaborating 
disrupt disrupting 
feed feeding 
tap tapping 
empower empowering 
broaden broadening 
invade invading 
derive deriving 
recreate recreating 
occur occurring 
develop developing 
remove removing 
advance advancing 
uncover uncovering 
behave behaving 
select selecting 
deepen deepening 
separate separating 
gather gathering 
inflict inflicting 
diminish diminishing 
draw drawing 
authorize authorizing 
pull pulling 
wait waiting 
lie lying 
tackle tackling 
reveal revealing 
compete competing 
educate educating 
grow growing 
multiply multiplying 
bend bending 
allow allowing 
publish publishing 
imply implying 
dictate dictating 
tie tying 
call calling 
induce inducing 
divide dividing 
beat beating 
notify notifying 
attempt attempting 
stimulate stimulating 
climb climbing 
halt halting 
succeed succeeding 
swear swearing 
initiate initiating 
emerge emerging 
embed embedding 
shut shutting 
advise advising 

