fluent fluency 
disrupted disruption 
indifferent indifference 
outraged outrage 
insightful insight 
prejudiced prejudice 
defiant defiance 
corrupt corruption 
repressive repression 
versatile versatility 
competitive competitiveness 
patriotic patriotism 
deficient deficiency 
readable readability 
impaired impairment 
innovative innovation 
brutal brutality 
affectionate affection 
ambiguous ambiguity 
able ability 
ready readiness 
abandoned abandonment 
impartial impartiality 
cynical cynicism 
dispersed dispersion 
honest honesty 
inefficient inefficiency 
reliable reliability 
gloomy gloom 
courageous courage 
devout devotion 
accessible accessibility 
credible credibility 
fundamentalist fundamentalism 
safe safety 
fraudulent fraud 
coherent coherence 
heroic heroism 
dependent dependence 
insecure insecurity 
violent violence 
prosperous prosperity 
negligent negligence 
eroded erosion 
turbulent turbulence 
proud pride 
distorted distortion 
diversified diversification 
greedy greed 
hesitant hesitation 
compassionate compassion 
popular popularity 
difficult difficulty 
accurate accuracy 
optimistic optimism 
ironic irony 
suitable suitability 
creative creativity 
hostile hostility 
arrogant arrogance 
foolish folly 
redundant redundancy 
sympathetic sympathy 
anti-Semitic anti-Semitism 
paranoid paranoia 
repetitive repetition 
anxious anxiety 
unjust injustice 
menacing menace 
distressed distress 
qualified qualification 
capable capability 
unable inability 
absurd absurdity 
mediocre mediocrity 
desperate desperation 
irritated irritation 
fascinated fascination 
mistaken misunderstanding 
prestigious prestige 
intimate intimacy 
uncertain uncertainty 
hopeless despair 
successful success 
misinformed misinformation 
agile agility 
insane insanity 
consolidated consolidation 
zealous zeal 
pessimistic pessimism 
expensive cost 
silly silliness 
intense intensity 
autonomous autonomy 
biased bias 
affordable affordability 
comfortable comfort 
sane sanity 
controversial controversy 
consistent consistency 
tolerant tolerance 
relevant relevance 
sustainable sustainability 
bigoted bigotry 
devastated devastation 
skeptical skepticism 
traumatic trauma 
rebellious rebellion 
surprised surprise 
embarrassing embarrassment 
democratic democracy 
negative negativity 
flexible flexibility 
inaccurate inaccuracy 
suspicious suspicion 
exciting excitement 
antisemitic antisemitism 
applicable applicability 
open openness 
enthusiastic enthusiasm 
inconsistent inconsistency 
witty wit 
concerned concern 
fearful fear 
glamorous glamour 
imperialist imperialism 
isolated isolation 
feminist feminism 
crazy madness 
anti-semitic anti-semitism 
bitter bitterness 
convenient convenience 
distracted distraction 
hypocritical hypocrisy 
stupid stupidity 
coercive coercion 
reluctant reluctance 
knowledgeable expertise 
ignorant ignorance 
slanted slant 
predictable predictability 
harmed harm 
responsive responsiveness 
warm warmth 
sceptical scepticism 
furious fury 
lonely loneliness 
lazy laziness 
valid validity 
unique uniqueness 
persistent persistence 
brilliant brilliance 
extremist extremism 
curious curiosity 
fragmented fragmentation 
chaotic chaos 
beautiful beauty 
depleted depletion 
transparent transparency 
uncivil incivility 
cohesive cohesion 
cowardly cowardice 
tragic tragedy 
pure purity 
motivated motivation 
deprived deprivation 
interested interest 
confused confusion 
treacherous treachery 
cruel cruelty 
disrespectful disrespect 
potent potency 
realistic realism 
fractured fracture 
enjoyable enjoyment 
vulnerable vulnerability 
subjective subjectivity 
joyful joy 
unequal inequality 
volatile volatility 
charming charm 
elegant elegance 
malicious malice 
vibrant vitality 
satisfied satisfaction 
bored boredom 
ambitious ambition 
hysterical hysteria 
confrontational confrontation 
coordinated coordination 
paradoxical paradox 
available availability 
hateful hatred 
accomplished accomplishment 
durable durability 
painful pain 
contaminated contamination 
risky risk 
hungry hunger 
effective effectiveness 
weak weakness 
nostalgic nostalgia 
charismatic charisma 
confident confidence 
viable viability 
appealing appeal 
prudent prudence 
authentic authenticity 
sexist sexism 
cautious caution 
disturbed disturbance 
illiterate illiteracy 
sensitive sensitivity 
simple simplicity 
intolerant intolerance 
tempting temptation 
rational rationality 
vigilant vigilance 
disappointed disappointment 
sophisticated sophistication 
pragmatic pragmatism 
rich richness 
addicted addiction 
dishonest dishonesty 
resilient resilience 
unbalanced imbalance 
self-sufficient self-sufficiency 
high-quality quality 
sincere sincerity 
stable stability 
selfish selfishness 
diverse diversity 
angry anger 
complacent complacency 
rare rarity 
neutral neutrality 
humorous humor 
disgusted disgust 
impoverished poverty 
radioactive radioactivity 
glorious glory 
idiotic idiocy 
abundant abundance 
skilled skill 
fast speed 
rigorous rigor 
socialist socialism 
precise precision 
damaged damage 
dignified dignity 
racist racism 
grateful gratitude 
detailed detail 
generous generosity 
restricted restriction 
proficient proficiency 
unstable instability 
vigorous vigor 
respectful reverence 
intoxicated intoxication 
partisan partisanship 
harmonious harmony 
contradictory contradiction 
separated separation 
harassing harassment 
exhausted exhaustion 
xenophobic xenophobia 
fascist fascism 
profitable profitability 
sweet sweetness 
unlikely likelihood 
conservative conservatism 
inclined inclination 
tough toughness 
sarcastic sarcasm 
urgent urgency 
ingenious ingenuity 
libertarian libertarianism 
hazardous hazards 
neglected neglect 
serious seriousness 
delicate delicacy 
communist communism 
willing willingness 
lost loss 
dangerous danger 
familiar familiarity 
mature maturity 
rude rudeness 
populist populism 
abusive abuse 
discriminatory discrimination 
nuanced subtlety 
deformed deformation 
liberal liberalism 
homophobic homophobia 
aggressive aggression 
depressed depression 
talented talent 
nationalistic nationalism 
passionate passion 
alienated alienation 
toxic toxicity 
frustrated frustration 
compatible compatibility 
scalable scalability 
pious piety 
jealous jealousy 
virtuous virtue 
obsessed obsession 
diligent diligence 
delighted delight 
adventurous adventure 
sick sickness 
challenging challenge 
untrue falsehood 
hasty haste 
independent independence 
miserable misery 
confined confinement 
efficient efficiency 
polarized polarization 
Marxist Marxism 
loyal loyalty 
equitable fairness 
oppressive oppression 
degraded degradation 
susceptible susceptibility 
agitated agitation 
idealistic idealism 
annoyed annoyance 
excluded exclusion 
competent competence 
divergent divergence 
capitalist capitalism 
uncomfortable discomfort 
deluded delusion 
stagnant stagnation 
honored honor 
incompetent incompetence 
humiliating humiliation 
dense density 
panicked panic 
dysfunctional dysfunction 
dominant dominance 

