exploit exploiting 
hug hugging 
arise arising 
deliver delivering 
laugh laughing 
abandon abandoning 
enforce enforcing 
owe owed 
sacrifice sacrificing 
export exporting 
initiate initiating 
devote devoted 
omit omitting 
drag dragging 
translate translating 
satisfy satisfying 
determine determining 
reach reaching 
shorten shortening 
select selecting 
try trying 
despise hating 
deprive depriving 
say saying 
adjust adjusting 
adapt adapting 
make making 
urge urging 
generate generating 
catch catching 
inject injecting 
reflect reflecting 
kidnap kidnapping 
admit admitting 
guess guessing 
manipulate manipulating 
sit sitting 
reveal revealing 
dodge dodging 
display displaying 
solve solving 
perform performing 
increase increasing 
rob robbing 
transfer transferring 
assess assessing 
deepen deepening 
smile smiling 
coordinate coordinating 
focus focusing 
photograph photographing 
reopen reopening 
revert reverting 
speculate speculating 
fix fixing 
swim swimming 
react reacting 
prohibit prohibiting 
donate donating 
suggest suggesting 
retire retiring 
publish publishing 
imply implying 
guarantee guaranteeing 
deceive deception 
contend contended 
specify specifying 
distract distracting 
sail sailing 
revise revising 
remember remembering 
put putting 
manage managing 
reword rewording 
skip skipping 
buy buying 
assert asserting 
respond responding 
leverage leveraging 
prefer preferring 
cut cutting 
combine combining 
descend descending 
revive reviving 
forget forgetting 
watch watching 
refuse refusing 
pour pouring 
re-add re-adding 
restrain restraining 
behave behaving 
evade evading 
duplicate duplicating 
post posting 
contribute contributing 
bounce bouncing 
tear tearing 
monitor monitoring 
bolster boosting 
encourage encouraging 
minimize minimizing 
consolidate consolidating 
oppose opposing 
dump dumping 
navigate navigating 
enable enabling 
engage engaging 
enter entering 
launch launching 
proclaim proclaiming 
deteriorate deteriorating 
represent representing 
explain explaining 
originate originating 
simulate simulating 
create creating 
indicate indicating 
replace replacing 
overturn overturning 
express expressing 
implement implementing 
download downloading 
hike hiking 
realize realizing 
take taking 
have having 
spread spreading 
confirm confirming 
derive deriving 
distribute distributing 
sell selling 
copyedit copyediting 
burst bursting 
spark sparking 
curb curbing 
destroy destroying 
predict predicting 
disappear disappearing 
crush crushing 
deploy deploying 
embrace embracing 
roar roaring 
maintain maintaining 
tackle tackling 
slip slipping 
portray portraying 
strive striving 
execute executing 
flip flipping 
resemble resembling 
insist insisting 
nominate nominating 
design designing 
leave leaving 
argue arguing 
emphasize emphasizing 
authorize authorizing 
shut shutting 
rush rushing 
involve involving 
sink sinking 
diminish diminishing 
shoot shooting 
concentrate concentrating 
criticise criticising 
strengthen strengthening 
volunteer volunteering 
pass passing 
teach teaching 
absorb absorbing 
avoid avoiding 
multiply multiplying 
cheat cheating 
evoke evoked 
provide providing 
measure measuring 
hunt hunting 
invest investing 
solicit soliciting 
define defining 
protect protecting 
resist resisting 
drink drinking 
plunge plunging 
illustrate illustrating 
simplify simplifying 
justify justifying 
shape shaping 
formulate formulating 
chase chasing 
rebuild rebuilding 
parse parsing 
suck sucking 
inspire inspiring 
shed shedding 
call calling 
control controlling 
copy copying 
agree agreeing 
rub rubbing 
transmit transmitting 
invade invading 
enroll enrolled 
stick sticking 
equate equating 
want wanting 
impose imposing 
fill filling 
relate relating 
murder murdering 
remove removing 
borrow borrowing 
rip ripping 
bake baking 
escape escaping 
spray spraying 
occupy occupying 
feed feeding 
anticipate anticipating 
summarize summarizing 
administer administering 
drain draining 
undertake undertaking 
commit committing 
appear appearing 
advise advising 
beat beating 
lend lending 
collect collecting 
realise realising 
collaborate collaborating 
look looking 
conceal concealing 
recreate recreating 
soar soaring 
wander wandering 
verify verifying 
share sharing 
pray praying 
influence influencing 
supervise supervising 
integrate integrating 
affect affecting 
drown drowning 
blend blending 
recover recovering 
accomplish accomplishing 
promote promoting 
vomit vomiting 
shrink shrinking 
accumulate accumulating 
flee fleeing 
break breaking 
die dying 
notify notifying 
nurture nurturing 
resign resigning 
demonstrate demonstrating 
embed embedding 
construct constructing 
travel traveling 
unfold unfolding 
claim claiming 
boil boiling 
yell yelling 
rest resting 
comprise constituting 
celebrate celebrating 
modify modifying 
designate designating 
listen listening 
inflict inflicting 
concede conceding 
sustain sustaining 
slam slamming 
assure assuring 
undermine undermining 
join joining 
fly flying 
twist twisting 
relieve relieving 
analyze analyzing 
request requesting 
quit quitting 
relax relaxing 
enlist enlisted 
terminate terminating 
gain gaining 
tweak tweaking 
crack cracking 
ask asking 
ensure ensuring 
seek seeking 
return returning 
bury burying 
allow allowing 
scratch scratching 
spit spitting 
need needing 
enact enacting 
decide deciding 
prescribe prescribing 
compose composing 
retrieve retrieving 
reproduce reproducing 
withhold withholding 
emerge emerging 
introduce introducing 
tap tapping 
lift lifting 
admire admiring 
kiss kissing 
reduce reducing 
support supporting 
load loading 
hire hiring 
dance dancing 
encounter encountering 
exhibit exhibiting 
penetrate penetrating 
play playing 
rescue rescuing 
dominate dominating 
negotiate negotiating 
highlight highlighting 
acquire acquiring 
cite citing 
wish wishing 
import importing 
prevent preventing 
install installing 
float floating 
send sending 
denote denoting 
choke choking 
explore exploring 
criticize criticizing 
distinguish distinguishing 
hang hanging 
dismiss dismissing 
divert diverting 
identify identifying 
disrupt disrupting 
rewrite rewriting 
certify certifying 
endure enduring 
compile compiling 
compete competing 
cultivate cultivating 
withdraw withdrawing 
refer referring 
throw throwing 
stop stopping 
weave weaving 
suppress suppressing 
disclose disclosing 
threaten threatening 
snap snapping 
organize organizing 
smash smashing 
trim trimming 
elect electing 
enjoy enjoying 
incorporate incorporating 
require requiring 
expand expanding 
rant ranting 
kick kicking 
jump jumping 
shake shaking 
tighten tightening 
trigger triggering 
offer offering 
repay repaid 
assemble assembling 
attempt attempting 
clarify clarifying 
dig digging 
finish finishing 
kill killing 
treat treating 
drive driving 
marry marrying 
become becoming 
produce producing 
stay staying 
get getting 
evolve evolving 
unite uniting 
relocate relocating 
propagate propagating 
whip whipping 
beg begging 
receive receiving 
characterize characterizing 
locate locating 
surpass surpassing 
dismantle dismantling 
slash slashing 
punish punishing 
contradict contradicting 
entertain entertaining 
provoke provoking 
activate activating 
draw drawing 
restrict restricting 
erase erasing 
guide guiding 
swap swapping 
recognize recognizing 
garner garnered 
surrender surrendering 
connect connecting 
honor honoring 
streamline streamlining 
hold holding 
interpret interpreting 
expect expecting 
intensify intensifying 
scan scanning 
remind reminding 
burn burning 
cook cooking 
moan moaning 
shave shaving 
pretend pretending 
rise rising 
interfere interfering 
accelerate accelerating 
abolish abolishing 
end ending 
propose proposing 
succeed succeeding 
steer steering 
scream screaming 
speak speaking 
broaden broadening 
recruit recruiting 
bend bending 
conclude concluding 
uncover uncovering 
rely relying 
escalate escalating 
survive surviving 
reject rejecting 
seize seizing 
drop dropping 
upgrade upgrading 
hit hitting 
sue suing 
find finding 
practise practising 
reside residing 
extract extracting 
favour favouring 
facilitate facilitating 
quote quoting 
analyse analysing 
ride riding 
redirect redirecting 
reinforce reinforcing 
cooperate cooperating 
govern governing 
occur occurring 
yield yielding 
empower empowering 
know knowing 
repair repairing 
confuse confusing 
recognise recognising 
disagree disagreeing 
instruct instructing 
circumvent bypassing 
raise raising 
fight fighting 
inspect inspecting 
divide dividing 
accept accepting 
undergo undergoing 
discover discovering 
upload uploading 
thrive thriving 
compare comparing 
allege alleging 
paste pasting 
starve starving 
apply applying 
believe believing 
run running 
ease easing 
stab stabbing 
participate participating 
bash bashing 
sack sacking 
explode exploding 
defend defending 
merge merging 
pay paying 
grind grinding 
recycle recycling 
employ employing 
intervene intervening 
favor favoring 
stretch stretching 
overlook overlooking 
testify testifying 
swear swearing 
regulate regulating 
evaluate evaluating 
alter altering 
stir stirring 
pursue pursuing 
persuade persuading 
assist assisting 
detect detecting 
access accessing 
strike striking 
add adding 
distort distorting 
halt halting 
intend intending 
consume consuming 
paraphrase paraphrasing 
browse browsing 
mention mentioning 
educate educating 
reply replying 
torture torturing 
attract attracting 
wrap wrapping 
continue continuing 
wipe wiping 
move moving 
renew renewing 
go going 
do doing 
sleep sleeping 
mitigate mitigating 
give giving 
stand standing 
uphold upholding 
address addressing 
emit emitting 
spend spending 
lose losing 
overcome overcoming 
capture capturing 
bring bringing 
handle handling 
grow growing 
invoke invoking 
expose exposing 
confront confronting 
observe observing 
attribute attributing 
conquer conquering 
miss missed 
amend amending 
worsen worsening 
update updating 
let letting 
visit visiting 
endanger endangering 
recall recalling 
begin starting 
shout shouting 
transport transporting 
interact interacting 
eliminate eliminating 
acknowledge acknowledging 
approve approving 
improve improving 
complete completing 
forgive forgiving 
consist consisting 
migrate migrating 
encompass encompassing 
earn earning 
aim aiming 
accuse accusing 
exercise exercising 
announce announcing 
extend extending 
bleed bleeding 
intimidate intimidating 
whine whining 
pose posing 
crawl crawling 
declare declaring 
rename renaming 
affirm affirming 
exceed exceeding 
preserve preserving 
perpetuate perpetuating 
dictate dictating 
motivate motivating 
wait waiting 
read reading 
ignore ignoring 
flourish flourishing 
induce inducing 
grab grabbing 
organise organising 
invent inventing 
examine examining 
categorize categorizing 
attain attaining 
release releasing 
touch touching 
drift drifting 
decrease decreasing 
discuss discussing 
restore restoring 
fade fading 
blow blowing 
lie lying 
punch punching 
attend attending 
possess possessing 
freeze freezing 
squeeze squeezing 
attach attaching 
plead pleading 
pull pulling 
recommend recommending 
defy defying 
check checking 
utilize utilizing 
showcase showcasing 
inform informing 
breathe breathing 
describe describing 
achieve achieving 
tend tending 
investigate investigating 
imagine imagining 
discourage discouraging 
split splitting 
blame blaming 
scrap scrapping 
safeguard safeguarding 
arrange arranging 
convert converting 
contact contacting 
gather gathering 
consider considering 
come coming 
invite inviting 
fail failing 
stabilize stabilizing 
boast boasting 
settle settling 
win winning 
fall falling 
swing swinging 
allocate allocating 
develop developing 
fulfill fulfilling 
hide hiding 
degrade degrading 
enrich enriching 
operate operating 
establish establishing 
complain complaining 
widen widening 
reverse reversing 
benefit benefiting 
choose choosing 
tout touting 
wash washing 
restructure restructuring 
appoint appointing 
happen happening 
condemn condemning 
cheer cheering 
rotate rotating 
exclude excluding 
knock knocking 
sing singing 
meet meeting 
contemplate contemplating 
switch switching 
keep keeping 
replicate replicating 
cover covering 
assume assuming 
separate separating 
climb climbing 
adopt adopting 
enhance enhancing 
stare staring 
commence commencing 
compromise compromising 
walk walking 
repeat repeating 
preach preaching 
save saving 
prepare preparing 
steal stealing 
suspend suspending 
denounce denouncing 
swell swelling 
override overriding 
depict depicting 
stimulate stimulating 
classify classifying 
contain containing 
insert inserting 
violate violating 
obtain obtaining 
oversee overseeing 
turn turning 
await awaiting 
depart departing 
assign assigning 
roll rolling 
answer answering 
transform transforming 
submit submitting 
bite biting 
convey conveying 
tumble tumbling 
maximize maximizing 
delete deleting 
advance advancing 
carry carrying 
foster fostering 
conserve conservation 
communicate communicating 
harass harassing 
live living 
write writing 
calculate calculating 
optimize optimizing 
serve serving 
cry crying 
prosecute prosecuting 
prove proving 
endorse endorsing 
swallow swallowing 
spin spinning 
postpone delaying 
pick picking 
refine refining 
chant chanting 
lay laying 
illuminate illuminating 
push pushing 
deny denying 
validate validating 
resolve resolving 
isolate isolating 
hurt hurting 
slap slapping 
arrive arriving 
weaken weakening 
tell telling 
lock locking 
melt melting 
eat eating 
tie tying 
dip dipping 
mock mocking 
disable disabling 
mix mixing 
retain retaining 
love loving 
manifest manifested 

