

stated overstated
run overrun
protected overprotected
sized oversized
heated overheated
grown overgrown
done overdone
crowded overcrowded
stretched overstretched
turned overturned
used overused
taken overtaken
thrown overthrown





accept acceptable
achieve achieveable
adapt adaptable
adjust adjustable
admire admirable
adore adorable
advise advisable
afford affordable
avoid avoidable
believe	believeable
consider considerable
contain	containable
define definable
deliver deliverable
discover discoverable
dispose disposable
download downloadable
edit editable
enjoy enjoyable
execute executable
expand expandable
expect expectable
explain explainable
extend extendable
foresee foreseeable
identify identifiable
imagine imaginable
improve improvable
inflate inflatable
learn learnable
maintain maintainable
manage manageable
observe observable
perform performable
predict predictable
prefer preferable
prevent preventable
protect protectable
publish publishable
recognize recognizable
recommend recommendable
rely reliable
renew renewable
replace replaceable
represent representable
survive survivable
sustain sustainable
understand understandable
vary variable
write writeable





arm armless
art artless
bone boneless
breath breathless
carbon carbonless
child childless
collar collarless
death deathless
defence defenceless
effort effortless
ego egoless
emotion emotionless
error errorless
expression expressionless
faith faithless
friction frictionless
friend friendless
gender genderless
goal goalless
god godless
guile guileless
guilt guiltless
hair hairless
heart heartless
heir heirless
home homeless
law lawless
leg legless
life lifeless
luck luckless
meat meatless
mirth mirthless
money moneyless
odor odourless
passion passionless
path pathless
penny penniless
remorse remorseless
ruth ruthless
sensor sensorless
sleeve sleeveless
soul soulless
speech speechless
spine spineless
tact tactless
talent talentless
thought thoughtless
tooth toothless
window windowless
wit witless





accomplish accomplishment
achieve achievement
acknowledge acknowledgement
adjust adjustment
advertise advertisement
agree agreement
align alignment
amend amendment
amuse amusement
announce announcement
appoint appointment
arrange arrangement
assess assessment
assign assignment
commit commitment
detach detachment
develop development
disagree disagreement
disappoint disappointment
displace displacement
embarrass embarrassment
encourage encouragement
endorse endorsement
enforce enforcement
engage engagement
enhance enhancement
enjoy enjoyment
enlighten enlightenment
enroll enrollment
entertain entertainment
entitle entitlement
equip equipment
establish establishment
excite excitement
fulfil fulfilment
fulfill fulfillment
harass harassment
impair impairment
improve improvement
infringe infringement
invest investment
involve involvement
manage management
punish punishment
redevelop redevelopment
reimburse reimbursement
reinforce reinforcement
replace replacement
require requirement
resent resentment






